# v0.9.23, build 198 (2025-01-02 19:39 UTC)
- Added an ERI server coding assistant as a preview feature behind the RAG feature flag. This helps you implement an ERI server to gain access to, e.g., your enterprise data from within AI Studio.
- Improved dark mode: Code blocks are now displayed in a dark theme as well (previously, they were displayed in a light theme, no matter what).
- Improved profile handling: Every chat remembers the last profile used.
- Improved the chat UI: You can now set the aspect ratio between workspaces and chat as you like.
- Improved provider requests by handling rate limits by retrying requests. 
- Improved the creation of the "the bias of the day" workspace; create that workspace only when the bias of the day feature is used.
- Improved the save operation of settings by using a temporary file to avoid data loss in rare cases.
- Improved the system prompt handling: Injection of profiles into system prompts happens right before sending the data. This way, the original system prompts are not modified.
- Improved the navigation bar handling when configured as "never expands" with or without tooltips.
- Fixed OpenAI `o` (aka omni, aka reasoning) models. The early preview versions (released before 17th December 2024) could not use any system prompts —- we translated the system prompts to be user prompts. Final versions of the OpenAI `o` models can now use system prompts, but they are named `developer` instead of `system`.
- Fixed layout issues when selecting `other` items (e.g., programming languages).
- Fixed a bug about the bias of the day workspace when the workspace component was hidden.
- Upgraded dependencies to the latest versions.