# v0.9.32, build 207 (2025-03-08 20:15 UTC)
- Added the "Community & Code" section to the about page. It includes links to the GitHub repositories and the project website.
- Added the retrieval process section for ERI data sources in the configuration dialog. Like all RAG functions, this is hidden behind the RAG feature flag in the app settings due to its preview status.
- Improved data security by preventing the use of cloud LLMs after confidential data has been retrieved previously.
- Improved the ERI client to expect JSON responses and send JSON requests using camel case.
- Improved the ERI client to raise an error when the server responds with additional JSON data that is not expected.
- Improved the error handling in the ERI data source info dialog in cases where servers respond with an invalid message.
- Improved the error handling for the entire RAG process.
- Improved chat thread persistence after modifications through the RAG process.
- Improved the augmentation and generation part of RAG by passing the augmented data into the system prompt.
- Fixed the chat thread we use for the data retrieval by removing the last block, which is meant to be for the final AI answer.
- Fixed the data source name for ERI data sources when performing data retrieval.
- Fixed the default data source selection when replacing the current chat with a new one.
- Fixed the state of the re-generate button in the chat thread, when no provider is selected or the data security is preventing the use of cloud LLMs.
- Updated the code contributions section in the supporter page. Thanks `peerschuett` for being our next contributor.
- Upgraded code dependencies.