# v0.9.29, build 204 (2025-02-24 13:48 UTC)
- Added the possibility to select data sources for chats. This preview feature is hidden behind the RAG feature flag, check your app options in case you want to enable it.
- Added an option to all data sources to select a local security policy. This preview feature is hidden behind the RAG feature flag.
- Added an option to preselect data sources and options for new chats. This preview feature is hidden behind the RAG feature flag.
- Added an agent to select the appropriate data sources for any prompt. This preview feature is hidden behind the RAG feature flag.
- Added an agent to validate whether a retrieval context makes sense for the given prompt. This preview feature is hidden behind the RAG feature flag.
- Added a generic RAG process to integrate possibly any data in your chats. Although the generic RAG process is now implemented, the retrieval part is working only with external data sources using the ERI interface. That means that you could integrate your company's data from the corporate network by now. The retrieval process for your local data is still under development and will take several weeks to be released. In order to use data through ERI, you (or your company) have to develop an ERI server. You might use the ERI server assistant within AI Studio to do so. This preview feature is hidden behind the RAG feature flag.
- Improved confidence card for small spaces.
- Improved data security by enforcing provider filtering based on the chosen confidence level. To ensure this in the future, source code analyzers have been added to warn developers about insecure code.
- Improved the readability of descriptions inside the ERI server assistant. 
- Fixed a bug in which `APP_SETTINGS` appeared as a valid destination in the "send to" menu.
- Fixed a layout bug within the chat page, where the top part uses too much space.
- Upgraded to Rust 1.85.0 and .NET 8.0.13.